the biggest risk I've taken in my career would probably be when I chose
to take the shipyard superintendent role in festival. Now, I have
been a nuclear propulsion engineer for my entire career, Um, tears at
school and then six years on an aircraft care. Um, once you stop becoming
Anak, did you remember and you switch over from a nuke to a
regular electrician's, Then you're dealing with things that you have
never seen before and some of it's great. Um, I actually put armatures
in for motor before I've never done that. I've actually, like dipped
huge pieces of mechanics, uh, mechanical pieces. I've actually
ran cables. I've taken out entire circuit breakers with civilians, you
know, like all these things I've never seen before and and it really
build your, um, build your experience. But the shipyards superintendent,
though that's, um, after eight years of doing the reserve and
doing electrical things, you know, things that I kind of knew about.
The shipyard superintendent was an entirely new role. That's when
you actually have to get out of the propulsion plant and see every
single thing that there is to know about the ship and multiple ships,
ships I've never even seen before. Um, em cm's mine sweepers. Um,
destroyers, uh, you actually have toe go up to the navigation room
and understand what's going on there. You have to go to the the main
deck and the quarterdeck and, uh, you know, like fixing walls and paint.
And, uh, like there's so many things that I had no idea about,
and yet I had to learn at the time. And for shipyard superintendents,
they don't really have a tutor in front of you. You actually have
to, like, just hop in there and just start learning, you know, like
asking people, What is this? What is that? You know, reading computer
drawings and books. And it was it was pretty intense. But, you know,
you step up to the challenge and luckily you have a good support
network there. I didn't know about that, but I didn't realize how how
good it was. And you have successful in the job